.TH PLUG 1 "2018 February 15" "PlugVim 0.0.1" "PlugVim Manual"
.SH NAME
plug - manages vim plugins using git submodules

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBplug install\fP [<options>] "remote git repo"
\fBplug update\fP  [<options>]
\fBplug remove\fP  [<options>] plugin-name
\fBplug list\fP    [<options>]
\fBplug help\fP
\fBplug version\fP
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
plug is a simple vim plugin manager that uses vim 8's native plugin
support and git submodules.


.SH COMMANDS
.TP
\fBinstall\fP [\fI-oc\fP] [-g \fIGIT-REPO\fP] [-d \fI.vim-LOCATION\fP] plugin-name

Install plugin at remote git repo as submodule in GIT-REPO.


.TP
\fBupdate\fP [\fI-c\fP] [-g \fIGIT-REPO\fP] [-j \fITHREAD-COUNT\fP] "remote git repo"
Update all git modules.

.TP
\fBremove\fP [\fI-oc\fP] [-g \fIGIT-REPO\fP] [-d \fI.vim-LOCATION\fP] plugin-name
Remove plugin.

.TP
\fBlist\fP [-g \fIGIT-REPO\fP]
List installed plugins.

.TP
\fBhelp\fP
Display usage information.

.TP
\fBversion\fP
Display version information.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\-o
.RS 4
Store plugin in opt folder rather than start.
.RE

.PP
\-c
.RS 4
Commit changes to repo. This will commit any staged changes, I
recommend committing these with a meaningful message before committing
with plug.
.RE

.PP
\-g \fIGIT-REPO\fP
.RS 4
Use GIT-REPO as directory for git commands uses "git -C
GIT-REPO"
Default: ~/dotfiles/
.RE

.PP
\-d \fIdirectory\fP
.RS 4
Uses directory as location of .vim in git repo
Default: GIT_REPO/vim/
.RE

.PP
\-j
.RS 4
Number of jobs for "git submodule update" to use.
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
.B plug
was written by
.MT tuckerevans24@gmail.com
Tucker Evans
.ME .

.SH "SEE ALSO"
git-submodule(1), vim(1)

.SH BUGS
This is a very early version, there are probably, I'm just not aware
of them yet.
.PP
You can report bugs
.UR https://github.com/tuckerevans/plugvim/issues
here
.UE .

